CALLOUTS EVOLVED READ ME
--------------------------
Version 2.0.2 September 2021
NOTE: This app only works with https://www.calloutsevolved.com and all other sites will result in errors.


INSTALLATION:
-------------
1. Copy contents of calloutsevolved.zip to your desktop (or other location with easy access).
2. Right click on the calloutsevolved.exe and then click "Run as administrator" (please ignore errors due to a lack of a security certificate).
3. If https://www.calloutsevolved.com is showing in a new window, then you may skip to OPERATION, otherwise keep going.
4. Download the Current Version of AHK from https://www.autohotkey.com/
5. Install the new exe by agreeing to the prompts.
6. Right click on the calloutsevolved.ahk and then click "Run as administrator".


OPERATION:
----------
1. When you start the desktop app, Google Chrome will open up to https://www.calloutsevolved.com/getstarted
2. Signin and then go to whatever session you want by clicking on Settings > Session > Join.
3. Please close any additional connections to Callouts Evolved as the keyboard shortcuts will not work for them and they will continue to unneccessarily read the database.
4. To customize your desktop experience go to More > Desktop and change the values to best suite your needs.
5. Note that the delay should be the shortest time in ms for your message to be sent in game.


MANIFEST:
---------
1. AAAREADMEAAA.txt: This document that you are reading now. 
2. calloutsevolved.ahk: The original auto hot key script that can be used instead of the .exe after installing the Current Version of AHK from https://www.autohotkey.com/
3. calloutsevolved.exe: The executable file that should be ran while playing games for global shortcuts and to send instant messages in game. If using the exe, nothing else is required.
4. calloutsevolved.ico: The logo for callouts evolved and the icon for the calloutsevolved script. This file must be in the same directory as the .ahk.


COPYRIGHT LAW:
------------------------------------------
https://www.autohotkey.com/docs/license.htm#GNU_GENERAL_PUBLIC_LICENSE
Unless you read and agree to the copyright laws above and below you cannot redistribute this software. 
Auto Hot Key is freeware and can be distributed as such.
You take any liability when redistributing this software except by directing people to the download link on Callouts Evolved.
This desktop app is free so please request a refund from the seller.
MVP / Season Pass is separate from this app, purchased directly from Callouts Evolved and non-refundable. 
Copyright 2020 All rights reserved. 


TROUBLESHOOTING:
----------------
Under normal use this app will not produce any errors. All errors seen are from the website itself and should be reported.
The only thing this script does is query the html on the site to then type in game chat and click the buttons depending on what hotkey was pressed. 
This app does not have a security certificate yet and will cause some users trouble when attempting to start the .exe: Please just follow the instructions.
Some gamers on desktop will not want to go to Callouts Evolved, in these instances I like to use VoiceMeter and Virtual Audio Cables from https://vb-audio.com/index.htm
Using those services (Or windows stereo mix) can take the sound output from the site and direct it to a microphone on discord or other service.


VERSION 0.1 2017
----------------
Discord Bot: No longer active as of 06/2020. New bot with Callouts Evolved session integration is on the way.


VERSION 0.2 2017
----------------
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PkeHIOft3gcvfWAAeby1Vf60X0gdKj2q
This link is for a ZIP file that contains the software required to turn your keyboard into a soundbaord for audio call outs. 
It also includes all the sound files for the leviathan raid. 
If you need additional sounds then use this site with "George" as the voice: http://www.fromtexttospeech.com


VERSION 0.3 2018
----------------
https://www.jarvis9940.com
This site is no longer functioning properly. Jarvis was built with PHP and Laravel using websockets to control sessions.
James Stone at https://nomadjs.dev attempted to create a react version of jarvis but did not succeed.
It wasn't until late 2020 that I learned about react and firebase and I started my solo venture to recreate the site in March of 2021.


VERSION 1.0 2019
----------------
The original Callouts Evolved created with html, css, and jquery.
This site was stable, functional, and accessible, but was very templated and only I could build / release templates.
This was very similar to jarvis9940.com but is where the standard keyboard layouts came into place.


VERSION 1.1 2019
----------------
Originally, the plan was to have voice actors record common callouts so they would be consistent across the entire site.
The Last Wish Raid in Destiny 2 has 300 unique callouts that would require both male and female variants... making the version unsustainable.


VERSION 1.2 2020
----------------
The site gained support for desktop users as the first ahk extension was created.
This version didn't sync with a user's session and the user had to manually update the text on both the website and the exe via dropdowns.
There was no customization of individual callouts.


VERSION 2.0.2 2021
----------------
This version supports the newly redesigned site built with react.
The react library allows for deep customization of all options.

