CalloutsEvolvedPC Reed Me File
--------------------------
Version 1.1
November 2019
Contact: https://www.reddit.com/user/M4V3R1C8
Web Page: https://www.calloutsevolved.com
Auto Hot Key: https://www.autohotkey.com/


INSTALLATION:
-------------
1. Copy the folder below this file to your preferred location.
2. Open the copied folder and double click CalloutsEvolvedPC.exe
3. If the application launches then you're all set! If not, continue to step 4.
4. Windows will likely state that it "Protected your PC", this is because the app intercepts keyboard clicks and windows doesn't like it. 
5. Simply click "More Info" and then "Run anyway".


CONFIGURATION:
--------------
1. Choose how you want to interact with the app. Inactive will disable everything, Numberpad Shortcuts will only activate if you click a key on the numberpad to the right of the keyboard, and Keyboard Shortcuts only works for the main keyboard keys.
2. Go to https://www.calloutsevolved.com, sign in/sign up and join a new session. Click on Destiny 2 > Last Wish > Kali and Shuro Chi.
3. Start Destiny 2, select a character and fly into the Tower. 
4. Make SURE that Destiny 2 is your current application and the website is your most recent application, this will not work otherwise.
5. Now that you are in the Tower, and have signed into the website and gone to Kali and Shuro Chi, click back into Destiny 2 and press either 5 on the numberpad or J on the keyboard.
6. Windows should swap to the website, activate the button for 3 wait (pause symbol), and then swap back to Destiny 2. 
	6a. It is best to run the game in either Fullscreen Windowed or Windowed mode to make it easier to keep playing the game.
	6b. If windows switches to website and back to Destiny 2 without activating the button, then increase the time in ms by 20.
	6c. Repeat step 6b until you consistently swap, make the callout, and swap back into the game.
	6d. As noted below the input field, changing this setting to 0 will prevent you from leaving the game to make callouts on the site.
7. If you do not want in game text callouts, You have finished the setup process!
7. The next section is the In-Game Text Callouts. You will see 33 white boxes and each of them are an input feild. 
8. Fill out the input fields you will be using, try to avoid hitting enter or using special characters. Alphanumeric characters only!
9. Temperarily set the swap applications timer to 0 so you can reliably test the ENTER Timer.
10. Go into the game and press any key that you have mapped to a callout. The goal is for the message to be typed completely but not waste time.
11. After dialing in your settings please make a note of them here as they will not save: 200ms 50ms



OPERATION:
----------
1. After setting up the app to behave the way you want (responding to specific key sets and sending specific messages) you're almost ready to play!
2. You will want to make note of the settings as they will not save between application launches.
3. Get used to using the ~ key (left of the 1 key on the Keyboard) to toggling between the three shortcut options.
4. At any time you can press the \ key (below or to the left of the Backspace key on most keyboards) to completely exit the application.


MANIFEST:
---------
1. AAAREADMEAAA.txt: This document that you are reading now. 
2. A folder containing the following: 
	2a. CalloutsEvolvedPC.exe
	2b. favicon.ico (required to run the program!)


COPYRIGHT LAW:
------------------------------------------
https://www.autohotkey.com/docs/license.htm#GNU_GENERAL_PUBLIC_LICENSE
Unless you read and agree to the copyright laws above and below you cannot redistribute this software. 
While AutoHotKey is freeware and can be redistributed as such I ask that you do not redistribute this package.
It took me 6 hours of reading and looking up information to build this program from scratch so please direct anyone who is interested to the autohotkey official website.
As the end user, you should never be charged for this program, so please request a refund. 
Copyright 2020 All rights reserved.


TROUBLESHOOTING:
----------------
1. Most troubleshooting information is provided above and issues indicate that there is something wrong with your timers.
2. This program is built assuming that you have not altered windows functionality and that pressing alt+tab swaps to your most recent application.
	2a. If you have altered this functionality then this program will not work for you. You will have to reverse the change or look up how to do so on Google.
3. I have triple checked every key in every mode with and without the key input fields filled out. There is no way for me to modify the program so that it will work on your personal computer.
4. If all else fails and you cannot rebuild this program using autohotkey then feel free to reach out. There are no guarantees as the site is my priority and this companion app will likely recieve an update to work directly with the database.

Version 1.1.32.00:
------------------
Completely overhauled the system, removing all audio files and set up the program to work with https://www.calloutsevolved.com.
Custom in game text callouts provide a highly customizable experience for all users and up to a total of 33 text based macros.